Adding stoichiometric reactor to WT (#1184)
watertap-org/watertap: docs/technical_reference/unit_models/stoichiometric_reactor.rst

Stoichiometric reactor
======================

.. index::
   pair: watertap.unit_models.stoichiometric_reactor;stoichiometric_reactor

The main assumptions of the implemented model are as follows:

1) Single liquid phase only (solids are not explicitly modeled)
2) Steady state only
3) Has no volume
4) Reaction phenomena is not modeled (e.g. exothermic, endothermic, reaction rate, etc.)
   User must provide amount of reagent to add, and amount of precipitant that would form

Introduction
------------
The stoichiometric reactor is a basic unit operation designed to aid in modeling 
addition of reagent to a feed stream and removal of ions from a stream through precipitation.

> The most basic usage is for modeling Lime/Soda ash softening process. 

Reviewer: This is more of a "basic **example**" rather than "basic usage"
```suggestion
A basic example for using this model is the lime/soda ash softening process. 
```

      m.fs.precipitation_reactor = StoichiometricReactor(
            property_package=m.fs.properties,
            precipitants=precipitants,
         )
      # The user must then specify how much precipitant to form 
      m.fs.precipitation_reactor.flow_mass_precipitate["Calcite"].fix(1e-3)
      m.fs.precipitation_reactor.flow_mass_precipitate["Brucite"].fix(1e-4)
      # The user must also specify solids fraction in waste stream
      m.fs.unit.waste_mass_frac_precipitate.fix(0.2)
      
      # unit for addition and precipitation (e.g. traditional Lime/Soda ash softening process)
      m.fs.lime_soda_softening = StoichiometricReactor(
            property_package=m.fs.properties,
            reagent=reagents,
            precipitants=precipitants,
         )
      # The user must the specify how much reagent to add and precipitant to form
      m.fs.lime_soda_softening.reagent_dose["Na2CO3"].fix(1e-3)
      m.fs.lime_soda_softening.reagent_dose["CaO"].fix(1e-3)
      m.fs.lime_soda_softening.flow_mass_precipitate["Calcite"].fix(1e-3)
      m.fs.lime_soda_softening.flow_mass_precipitate["Brucite"].fix(1e-4)
      # The user must also specify solids fraction in waste stream

>       m.fs.lime_soda_softening.waste_mass_frac_precipitate.fix(0.2)

Reviewer: This bit seems more like a "[how-to](https://diataxis.fr/how-to-guides/)" rather than [technical reference](https://diataxis.fr/reference/). We've been trying to follow the Diataxis framework for documentation,

Author: I figured this was the clearest way to provide a reference to the model. And other docs provide code examples as well...  This can be sorted out in another PR if we want to have a separate how-to...

   
   
Sets
----
   .. csv-table::
      :header: "Description", "Symbol", "Indices"

      "time", ":math:`t`", "[0]"
      "phases", ":math:`p`", "['Liq']"
      "components", ":math:`j`", "['H2O', solutes]"
      "reagents", ":math:`\text{reagents}`",[reagent]
      "precipitants", ":math:`\text{precipitants}`",[precipitants]

Variables
----------
   .. csv-table::
      :header: "Description", "Variable Name", "Index", "Units"
      
      "Reagent dose", 'reagent_dose','[reagent]','kg/:math:`\text{m}^3`'
      "Reagent flow mass", 'flow_mass_reagent','[reagent]','kg/s'
      "Flow mass of precipitant",'flow_mass_precipitate',[precipitant],'kg/s'
      "Mass concentration of precipitant",'conc_mass_precipitate',[precipitant],'kg/:math:`\text{m}^3`'
      "Fraction of solids in waste stream",  "waste_mass_frac_precipitate", None, fraction
   
Costing method
--------------

> Currently, the costing method is only implement for lime soda ash, and only includes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the costing method is only implemented for lime soda ash, and only includes
```

> the capital cost of building the whole processes. The capital cost is a function of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the capital cost of building the whole process. The capital cost is a function of 
```

> total reagent mass being added to the softening processes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
total reagent mass being added to the softening process. 
```

Stoichiometric reactor
======================

.. index::
   pair: watertap.unit_models.stoichiometric_reactor;stoichiometric_reactor

The main assumptions of the implemented model are as follows:

1) Single liquid phase only (solids are not explicitly modeled)
2) Steady state only
3) Has no volume
4) Reaction phenomena is not modeled (e.g. exothermic, endothermic, reaction rate, etc.)
   User must provide amount of reagent to add, and amount of precipitant that would form

Introduction
------------
This is a basic stoichiometric reactor designed to provide a simple mass balanced method for adding reactants and
removing solids from a stream, for more comprehesive reactor models please use IDAES Stoichiometric

> reactor model (https://idaes-pse.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference_guides/model_libraries/generic/unit_models/stoichiometric_reactor.html). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`IDAES Stoichiometric reactor model <https://idaes-pse.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference_guides/model_libraries/generic/unit_models/stoichiometric_reactor.html>`_
```
This is typically how links are embedded into the documentation

The stoichiometric reactor is a basic unit operation designed to aid in modeling 
addition of reagent to a feed stream and removal of ions from a stream through precipitation.
A basic example for using this model is the lime/soda ash softening process. 
The reactor can be configured to include only dissolution of a 
reagent or precipitation of specific species, and both as shown in figure below.

.. figure:: ../../_static/unit_models/stoichiometric_reactor.png
    :width: 600
    :align: center
    
    Figure 1. Schematic representation of a processes considered in stoichiometric reactor

Degrees of Freedom
------------------
The degrees of freedom in a stoichiometric reactor unit model are as follows:

For inlet conditions:
    * temperature
    * pressure
    * component mass compositions

If reagents are supplied:
   * reagent mass flow rate or reagent dose

If precipitants are supplied 
   * precipitant mass flow rate 
   * mass fraction of solids in precipitant (solid) waste stream

Model Structure and usage
-------------------------
The stoichiometric reactor uses control volumes to perform the dissolution reaction and 

> precipitation reaction, while a an IDAES separator is used to separate precipitated solids 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
precipitation reaction, while an IDAES separator is used to separate precipitated solids 
```

> from the feed stream. The model should be used with MCAS property package.

Reviewer 2: Add link to MCAS documentation here?

Author: Good idea. Will add

> The user needs to specify how supplied reagent, and precipitant dissolve or precipitate 
> out of the feed stream, using ions present in the feed. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user needs to specify how supplied reagent and precipitant dissolve or precipitate 
out of the feed stream using ions present in the feed. 
```

   m.fs.lime_soda_softening = StoichiometricReactor(property_package=m.fs.properties, reagent=reagents, precipitants=precipitants)
   # The user must the specify how much reagent to add and precipitant to form
   m.fs.lime_soda_softening.reagent_dose["Na2CO3"].fix(1e-3)
   m.fs.lime_soda_softening.reagent_dose["CaO"].fix(1e-3)
   m.fs.lime_soda_softening.flow_mass_precipitate["Calcite"].fix(1e-3)
   m.fs.lime_soda_softening.flow_mass_precipitate["Brucite"].fix(1e-4)
   # The user must also specify solids fraction in waste stream
   m.fs.lime_soda_softening.waste_mass_frac_precipitate.fix(0.2)

Sets
----
.. csv-table::
   :header: "Description", "Symbol", "Indices"

   "time", ":math:`t`", "[0]"
   "phases", ":math:`p`", "['Liq']"
   "components", ":math:`j`", "['H2O', solutes]"
   "reagents", ":math:`\text{reagents}`",[reagent]
   "precipitants", ":math:`\text{precipitants}`",[precipitants]

Variables
----------

.. csv-table::
   :header: "Description", "Variable Name", "Index", "Units"
   
   "Reagent dose", reagent_dose,[reagent],kg/:math:`\text{m}^3`
   "Reagent density", density_reagent,[reagent],kg/:math:`\text{m}^3`
   "Reagent flow mass", flow_mass_reagent,[reagent],kg/s

>    "Reagent flow volume", flow_vol_reagent,[reagent],:math:`\text{m}^3`/s

Reviewer 2: This is a bit petty, but the m3 formatting is off (slightly different than other documentation)

Author: What do other docs use, I copied this from ED docs =P
